com.neovide.neovide .txt all
com.neovide.neovide .md all
com.neovide.neovide .js all
com.neovide.neovide .jsx all
com.neovide.neovide .ts all
com.neovide.neovide .tsx all
com.neovide.neovide .py all
com.neovide.neovide .rb all
com.neovide.neovide .php all
com.neovide.neovide .css all
com.neovide.neovide .scss all
com.neovide.neovide .sass all
com.neovide.neovide .less all
com.neovide.neovide .json all
com.neovide.neovide .yml all
com.neovide.neovide .yaml all
com.neovide.neovide .xml all
com.neovide.neovide .csv all
com.neovide.neovide .sql all
com.neovide.neovide .sh all
com.neovide.neovide .bash all
com.neovide.neovide .zsh all
com.neovide.neovide .fish all
com.neovide.neovide .lua all
com.neovide.neovide .vim all
com.neovide.neovide .rs all
com.neovide.neovide .go all
com.neovide.neovide .java all
com.neovide.neovide .cpp all
com.neovide.neovide .c all
com.neovide.neovide .h all
com.neovide.neovide .hpp all
com.neovide.neovide .conf all
com.neovide.neovide .toml all
com.neovide.neovide .ini all
com.neovide.neovide .env all

